[MUSIC]
>> Jafar Husain: So, we want to retrieve
the ID title and smallest box art URL for
every video.
So now let's put it all together map,
reduce, concat all.
Okay, so I'm going to use concat maps.
So for every movielist,
let's see if we can do this here.
>> Jafar Husain: Return.
>> Jafar Husain: So we're going to go
through each movielist, and then for
each movielist we're going
to go through the videos.
I'm going to keep mapping until I
get all of the variables I need
bound to something.
>> Jafar Husain: And
now video has a box art collection and
in order to find the smallest one,
I'm going to have to use reduce,
how do I know that?
Because whenever you say smallest or
largest you're implying
some sort of comparison.
And whenever you're doing
some sort of comparison,
you need to look at two
items at the same time.
And reduce is the only function
that takes two arguments, right?
Map doesn't, filter doesn't.
Reduce accepts a function
that takes two arguments.
So I'm going to call reduce
here on the box art.
So, video.boxarts.reduce and we're going
to use cumulative value of current value.
And I'm going to look for, does anybody
remember what the condition is?
>> Jafar Husain: URL with the,
okay, smallest box art.
So we just want to find the box
art that's the smallest,
and it'll be very similar to
the code we wrote earlier.
>> Jafar Husain: So if the accumulated
value is smaller, we return it.
If the current value is smaller,
we return that.
>> Jafar Husain: Got an extra
return statement, here.
Now this subexpression right here
is going to return an array of one.
An array of one box art.
That's what reduce does, right?
Give us an array of one item.
And now, if I recall correctly,
it's my job to return.
>> Jafar Husain: False box art.
I'm not sure if I'm supposed
to return the, the URL, great.
So I'm supposed to return the video ID and
title and the URL.
So I'm actually going to bring
reduce down to the next level.
Because as soon as I have more than one
function that I execute, I bring each one
to its own line so that I can see which
ones are lined up against which object.
So, I'm going to take a box art and
now notice I have a variable
bound to the video.
I have a variable bound to the box art and
I'm ready to create my result.
>> Jafar Husain: And we're going to
pull out the URL of the box art.
>> Jafar Husain: So I think Firefox has
some sort of problem with this code, but
we'll see if it works anyways.
And I end my map, my concatMap,
there's a problem here which is
that I wanna use concatMap here.
So very often you'll see concatMap,
concatMap, concatMap, map.
Which mirrors the fact that normally it's
map, concatAll, map concatAll, map, right?
In the end,
you don't need three concatAlls for
a three dimensional collection.
You need two concatAlls for
a three dimensional collection, right?
Because that's when you flatten it
out by one dimension each time.
So this should work and
if it doesn't, we'll just show the answer
because it's the right answer.
Great.
So you keep mapping until you've got
a variable bound to everything you need
to create your result.
And then you figure out how deep you are,
and apply the right number of concatAlls.
Or translate the right number of
maps into concatMaps, same thing.